===
---m1.jpg
#June 30, 1997
TOM: Forgive me, Consul Han, but I believe we can ill afford to lose men of your high character. And speaking as a friend who's fought side by side with you for 15 years, I will solely miss the unshakable support you've given the Royal Hong Kong Police.
---m2.jpg 
TOM: So, on behalf of all Brits, who have ever carried the shield in Hong Kong, we shall miss you nothing but happiness as you take up your new post in the United States. 
---m3.jpg
TOM: Ladies and gentlemen, Consul Han.
HAN: Thank you, Thomas.
---m4.jpg
#Weeks later Han takes up his new post in the United States
---m5.jpg
#However his 10-year-old daughter Soo Yung is abducted on her way to school in LA.
===
---m6.jpg
FBI1: Excuse me, Consul Han. I'm Warren Russ with the Federal Bureau of Investigation. This is Agent Whitney. We need to speek with you in private.
---m7.jpg
FBI1: We have the best agents in the world on those streets.
HAN: I would like one of my people to help.
FBI1: Let me assure you, the FBI considers this a top priority. We have plenty of people on the case.
HAN: Mr. Russ, I am not an American. My daughter is not an American.
---m8.jpg
FBI1: I understand that, sir...
HAN: He's already on the plane. I trust you will treat him with the same courtesy as you have shown me.
FBI1: Yes.
===
---m9.jpg
CARTER: 10 people jumped out of the trunk. I started handling all of them. Throwing them everywhere. Then two stupid cops came out of nowhere messed things up, but then I regrouped. I had to save their life. It ain't in there. Anyway, I save their life. I started running, trying to get the bomb...
---m10.jpg
JOHNSON: I can't believe you went without me.
CARTER: I'll talk to y'all later, all right? I'll tell you the best part after work.
JOHNSON: This is why nobody will work with you why you're the only cop in the department without a partner.
---m11.jpg
CARTER: Johnson, look, first of all, if you want a date with me, you have to wait on the list like every other woman, OK? Second of all, I work alone. I don't need no partner and ain't never gonna have one. Did Kojak have a partner?
JOHNSON: Yeah. The fat guy.
CARTER: He wasn't never with him. Did Columbo?
---m12.jpg
JOHNSON: Captain Diel ordered me to go with you because you needed bomb squad backup, but once again, you screwed me and yourself.
CARTER: Look, Jphnson, it's dangerous out there. It's safer for you to be behind the desk.
JOHNSON: We were supposed to be on the same team.
---m13.jpg
CARTER: Team? Johnson, this is the LAPD, the most hated cops in the free world. My own mama ashamed of me. She tell everybody I'm a drug dealer. This is a pit stop for me. I'm on the verge of leaving you suckers behind.
---m14.jpg
JOHNSON: Actually, you're on the verge of being suspended. Have a nice day.
CARTER: Johnson. Somebody told you I was being suspended? Quit playing, girl. I know you playing. Johnson. Somebody told you I was being suspended?
===
---m15.jpg
FBI1: This is a problem. That's all I need, some foreigner getting his head blown off and creating an international incident.
FBI2: What can I do? He's on his way.
---m16.jpg
FBI1: Call the field office. Have them send over a rookie. We'll have him escort this guy around a few days, pretend to follow some leads, show him some sights, keep him out of our way.
FBI2: You want to that to one of our own men?
---m17.jpg
FBI1: What do you suggest?
FBI2: Well, as long as we're gonna humiliate someone, might as well as be LAPD.
===
---m18.jpg
#LAPD captain on the phone 
WILLIAM: Even if I had an extra man, who would want such a bullshit assignment? Well, it's a disgrace to me. It's a disgrace to my apartment... 
---m19.jpg
WILLIAM: Dan, I'm sending someone right over.
---m20.jpg
CARTER: Captain, I know you read the paper, but they are lying. You know that I wouldn't do nothing like that. You know how the paper is. They just want a story.
WILLIAM: Two officers were shot. One man lost a pinkie.
---m21.jpg
CARTER: But didn't nobody die.
WILLIAM: You destroyed half a block.
CARTER: That block was messed up.
WILLIAM: And you lost a lot of evidence.
CARTER: We got a little left.
WILLIAM: What you did was dangerous and completely against policy. And not only that, you did a good job.
CARTER: What?
WILLIAM: Everyone around here is so image-conscious. everybody's so afraid of their own goddamn shadow. It's nice a meet an L.A. detective who's willing to lay it on the line.
---m22.jpg
CARTER: Captain, that's the same way I feel. That's what I've been trying to tell everybody.
WILLIAM: Every so often, we have to let the general public know, that we can still blow things up.
CARTER: You goddamn right. That's the only way I work. So that mean I ain't getting suspended?
WILLIAM: Suspended? Are you kidding?
CARTER: I don't know why I said that.
---m23.jpg
WILLIAM: I just got a call from the FBI. The 10-year-old daughter of a Chinese diplomat was kidnapped this morning, and they want you on the case. 
CARTER: FBI want me?
WILLIAM: That's right.
CARTER: Stop lying.
WILLIAM: I don't lie.
CARTER: Tell the truth.
WILLIAM: I'm telling you the truth.
CARTER: Thank you, Captain.
---m24.jpg
WILLIAM: Congratulations, Carter. 
CARTER: Appreciate it.
WILLIAM: You're going to the show.
CARTER: I ain't gonna let you down. I'll look out for you when I go the top. I'm gonna make you mayor.
WILLIAM: I'd rather you didn't.
---m25.jpg
CARTER: Hey, listen up. If anybody need me, I'm gonna be working a big, big case for the FBI! Whoo!
---m26.jpg
