===
---m1.jpg
GEORGE: Since the dawn of recorded history, something like 110 billion human beings have been born into this world. And not a single one of them made it. 
---m2.jpg
GEORGE: There are 6.8 billion people on the planet. Roughly 60 million of them die every year. 60 million people. That comes out to about 160,000 per day.
---m3.jpg
GEORGE: I read this quote once when I was a kid, "We live alone, we die alone. Everything else is just an illusion." It used to keep me up at night. We all die alone.
---m4.jpg
GEORGE: So, why am I supposed to spend my life working, sweating, struggling? For an illusion?
---m5.jpg
GEORGE: Because no amount of friends, no girl, no assignments about conjugating the pluperfect or determining the square root of the hypotenuse is gonna help me avoid my fate.
---m6.jpg
---m7.jpg
GEORGE: I have better things to do with my time.
===
---m8.jpg
#George doodles as the teacher collects assignments
---m9.jpg
TEACHER: Do you have your work, George?
GEORGE: No.
TEACHER: Why not?
GEORGE: I was depressed.
TEACHER: Oh, yes? Why was that?
---m10.jpg
GEORGE: Because I realized I'm gonna die one day.
TEACHER: We're all gonna die one day, George. I don't think that's a reasonable excuse for not completing your trigonometry exercise.
GEORGE: Well, I was trying to. I just couldn't shake this awareness of my mortality. Everything seemed meaningless, including the assignment, unfortunately.
TEACHER: I want you to go to the principal's office and find meaning in the homework. Bring it to me completed by the end of the period.
===
---m11.jpg
#George goes outside school to have a cigarette.
---m12.jpg
TEACHER: You're late.
GEORGE: I was so engrossed in my work.
TEACHER: Boy, I wouldn't wanna be you right now. 
GEORGE: I haven't done anything.
TEACHER: You've always done something.
---m13.jpg
#Principal guestures George to go to his office.
TEACHER: You better go.
---m14.jpg
GEORGE: Bill.
PRINCIPAL: Even though you have off-campus privileges as a senior, if you are seen anywhere in the city smoking, you have your privileges revoked. Automatic probation.
GEORGE: Why are you telling me?
PRINCIPAL: You think I can't smell?
GEORGE: You can smell all you want.
---m15.jpg
GEORGE: Shall we get down to business?
PRINCIPAL: George, if you keep performing the way you are, forget about college, forget about graduating, even. So, this counts as your official warning. Suspension is next.
GEORGE: I thought probation was next.
PRINCIPAL: Don't play the angles, George. They won't work. Neither do jokes.
GEORGE: I wasn't joking. 
---m16.jpg
PRINCIPAL: I know you are capable.
GEORGE: I have a real problem with motivating. But I think I can do it. I'll try.
PRINCIPAL: All right, go. And don't make me regret it.
===
---m17.jpg
#George went to the rooftop
---m18.jpg
#George see MM smokes
---m19.jpg
#A teacher comes to the rooftop. MM throws away her cigarette and slips away as George deliberately attracts the teacher's attension by showing his cigarette.
TEACHER: Who's smoking up here? George, what do you think you're doing?
GEORGE: I was having a tough day. I guess the stress finally got to me, Mrs Dougherty.
TEACHER: George, why do you do these things? Now, what do you mean by stress.
---m20.jpg
#Mm mouths "Thank you" to George.
===
